The rowboat brushes gently against the reeds as your partner expertly brings it to shore. 'This is it,' he whispers. 'Good luck'
You slowly stand up and survey the island. After months of planning, you're ready to carry out the biggest job of your life: to steal the Sacred Chalice of Almor. It belongs to Lord Farquaad, a corrupt politician who made his money and reputation as a merchant, though 'pirate' would have been a more fitting term. Now he sits here on his private island, commanding the surrounding lands from the comfort of his private manor house.
You leap deftly to the grassy shore, then blow your partner a kiss as he manoeuvres the boat away. He'll return, as agreed, when you have the chalice in your hand. It's up to you.
You take a moment to check your belongings.
You are wearing a soft leather jacket, black cotton trousers, and black gloves. On your belt is a miniature crossbow and you carry a pouch of tranquilizer darts, suitable for knocking out a foe for at least 20 minutes. That should be more than enough time to do what you need to do.
You also carry a lock-picking kit.
You turn to face the options before you. As you approach the manor, you peer from the cover of the bushes. It is not the sprawling mansion you expected. Instead it is a modestly sized house, albeit one with elegant design and clearly of great value. The path is bordered by small jasmine bushes which hum with bees. On the front porch of the cottage is a richly carved table and chair set and, standing alongside them, two guards. They are talking while they keep the barest of their attention on the surroundings. Nevertheless, they appear to be sturdy men, and are carrying thin-bladed swords.
Your mother always taught you to be honest, so you decide to approach the guards openly. They spot you and immediately draw their swords. 'You don't have an appointment!' one of them yells, as they come down from the porch to meet you on the path. They quickly stand on either side of you. Now you remember that, while honesty is sometimes the best policy, you are a thief and thieves don't always take the direct approach.
You curse yourself as they tie you up and drag you away to meet your fate...
You draw your small crossbow and click a dart into the slot. Carefully taking aim, you release the dart which sticks into the arm of one of the guards. He looks down, then slowly softens as his legs give way underneath him. He slumps to the floor with a thump and his colleague is immediately alerted. The guard's eyes quickly dart among the bushes, but he cannot spy you amongst the foliage.
You grab another dart and fit it into the slot but, before you can aim at the guard he steps inside the cottage and raises the alarm. There will be others waiting for you, and now they know you are coming. This was supposed to be a stealthy heist, not an all-out assault. You have failed.
You walk around the side of the cottage. On this side there is a small stone castle with a low doorway. Chained just outside this hut are two dogs, sleeping in the sunshine. It would appear that this castle is the kennels.
You peer past the dogs, through the doorway, and it does not appear to be occupied.
You creep past the dogs into the kennel. It is dark and smells of wet canine. On the wall are hooks from which are hung a number of collars, leads, brushes and dog coats. Pinned to the wall is a small card with an ornate border. On it, printed in red ink, is a large letter S.
You grab the card and sneak out again, continuing on the path around the cottage. At this side of the cottage is an open window. Long, luxurious curtains hang just inside.
You step closer and listen carefully for signs of anyone inside. You can hear no one.
You lift yourself up and through the window with practiced ease. As you land deftly on the wooden floor inside, you see that you are inside an ornately decorated dining room. A long, highly polished table and twelve chairs are in the centre of the room, and the walls are covered with paintings of fat, pompous-looking men, some sitting on horses. Two paintings catch your eye. One is of a man with a long beard. It is surrounded by a golden frame. The other is of a woman sitting stiffly with a dog at her feet. It is the only painting of a woman in the room.
You also see a bell-pull, probably here to get the attention of servants when Lord Farquaad is entertaining guests. The man with the beard looks down on you with the calm assurance of a man who has never had his authority questioned. He is richly dressed and stands with his legs slightly apart.
You examine the frame carefully. No doubt it is of great value, but it is far too large to carry out.
You stare at the painting for a while. The woman looks stern and unforgiving. Even in its painted form, the dog looks as though it may have been stuffed, or dead.
You lift the frame partially and a card drops to the floor.
You pick it up and see that it is marked with the letter L in red ink.
You pull the bell cord. Somewhere in the distance you hear a soft tinkle.
You really shouldn't be here when the servants arrive!
You walk around to the rear of the cottage. Here there is a garden, densely stocked with roses and ornate topiary. The smell of flowers is thick in the air. A gardener is alone here, tending a small shrub. Beyond the garden is the back door to the cottage. It is open.
You walk through the garden. It is so peaceful. As you pass the sleeping gardener he murmers something like '..mm. Fiona..' As you walk past the gardener, you step onto the gravel pathway. As your feet crunch, he mutters 'Ah, Fiona.
You wouldn't be bringing you a cup of tea would y...?' He stops short as he looks up and sees that you are not the cook, but an intruder! 'Hey! You're not supposed to be here!' he shouts in a gruff voice. He drops his tools and runs away to get help.
You are left alone in the garden, contemplating what to do as the sound of shouting is heard all around. You have failed!
You take a dart from the pouch and slip it into the crossbow, smiling as it clips neatly into the slot with a 'snick'.
You take aim at the gardener as he finishes tying up a loose branch. The crossbow makes the softest swoosh as the dart is released, finding its home in the gardener's back. He drops to his knees and lands, face down in the soil.
You quickly rush over, turn him on his back and drag him behind a horseh, out of sight from the cottage. As you do, a small card falls out of his pocket. It is slightly grubby and features the letter X, handwritten in black ink.
You realize that you have twenty minutes to finish up here before he awakes. Peering through the door, you see the kitchen. Clouds of flour hang in the air, but it is unoccupied.
You step in, looking carefully about. There are wooden benches along the walls of a small room. The stone-floor is well worn through use, but meticulously clean. A fire burns in the fireplace with a kettle above it, giving the room a heat that is only marginally relieved by the open door. A larder is in the corner of the room, with the door half open. The room's only other exit is through a large wooden door. Peering through the door, you see a woman working in the kitchen. She is making bread. A cloud of flour surrounds her as she kneads the dough. She has her back to you, absorbed in her work.
You reach into your pouch again for a dart but, just as you are ready to take aim, the woman speaks:"Put that kettle on will you, Fiona? You're dying for a cuppa and you expect Albert would like one"She's not alone!
You take aim at the cook and shoot. She leans over onto the worktop and lands in the soft dough.
You hear a scream of a young girl, and footsteps as Fiona rushes out of the kitchen to get help. Now the cottage will be on full alert, and your dreams of getting the chalice are over! Sun-baked and weather-worn the planks of the boathouse creak softly underfoot as you enter. Inside, you allow your eyes to adjust to the darkness. There is a smell of tar in the air.
You notice a workbench, covered in woodworking tools. A hammer, saw, drill and, amongst them, a notebook. Out of the corner of your eye you see something else. A human-shaped shadow!
You climb inside the armor. Not a perfect fit, but it should offer some protection.
You creep past the dogs into the kennel. Unfortunately your armor creaks and scrapes together so loudly that the dogs are woken. They open their eyes, spot you, and immediately leap to their feet, barking and snarling. Before you can blink, guards appear from around the corner of the cottage. You are captured!
You pick up the notebook and leave the boathouse. In the sunlight you take the time to open the book and look inside. It is full of sketches and notes, mostly carpentry plans and measurements. Wedged into the book is a small card with an ornate border. Printed in the centre of the card in red ink is a large letter T.
You ponder the meaning of this as you walk up the path towards the cottage.
You bravely turn to face the shadow. In fact, it is not a person but a set of armor. Slightly rusty but still in good shape, it is formed from metal rings with the occasional plate on the chest and arms. It looks like someone has made it by hand to protect themselves from some unknown danger.
You are in the kitchen. There are wooden benches along the walls of a small room. The stone-floor is well worn through use, but meticulously clean. A fire burns in the fireplace with a kettle above it, giving the room a heat that is only marginally relieved by the open door. A larder is in the corner of the room, with the door half open. The room's only other exit is through a large wooden door. Opening the door you see many cold meats, vegetables, fruits and packets of dried foods. On the inside of the larder door you see a list of ingredients for a meal called 'The Lord Farquaad Special'. Pinned to this is a card featuring the letter U in red ink.
You grab the card and close the larder, before stepping out of the kitchen. The hallway of the cottage is impressive, if lacking in taste. It is dominated by a large staircase leading upwards. The stairs are made from marble and carpeted with brightly colored fabric, reminiscent of an Egyptian tapestry. On the walls are paintings, mostly of horses, and a suit of armor stands by the front door.
You can see the silhouettes of the guards on the porch outside. On the top floor is a corridor. There are shields adorning the walls, finely decorated in such a way that you are sure they have never seen combat. Long, floor-length curtains of velvet hang beside the windows. The sun streams in, catching the dust in the air in bright beams. Three doors lead off from the corridor. One, partially open, appears to be a bathroom. It is unoccupied. The other two are closed.
You listen at both doors. One room is silent, while you hear someone move a chair in the other.
You open the door and look inside. The room appears to be a study. A man is sitting at a table and turns to face you as you enter. It is Lord Farquaad! His look of anger turns to one of shock as he sees you. He drops his pen and immediately jumps up, shouting 'Guards! Intruder! You idiots there's someone here! 'He cowers in the corner of the room, pulling the chair between you and him for protection.
You have time to see the chalice sitting in a glass case before the men with swords arrive... You have failed! The door opens noiselessly.
You are in what appears to be a master bedroom. A large double-bed sits in the centre of one wall. The sideboards are adorned with many trinkets. Some look to be valuable, but nothing close to the value of the chalice. There are two bedside tables. On one stands an alarm clock. The other holds a framed picture of a child. The picture is a photograph showing a boy in a school uniform, holding a suitcase. He looks sad. He is standing beside a large horse with a rider. As you look at the picture, you look down and notice that the bedside table has a drawer.
You pull it, but it is locked. The alarm clock is of substantial manufacture and is ticking. It has a simple mechanism for sounding a bell.
You can set it to go off at any interval.
You lie down and close your eyes. After a while the gardener downstairs wakes up and raises the alarm.
You are killed in your sleep, mere meters away from the chalice.
You set the alarm for 20 minutes.
You stand in the bedroom, looking around you.
You sit on the bed and think. It's so peaceful, with the clock gently ticking away and the sound of birds outside the window. After a while you feel a bit sleepy.
You set the alarm for 10 seconds and look around. What now?
You are just about to leave when the bell goes off abruptly. As you step into the corridor you are met by Lord Farquaad rushing out of the room next door. He sees you and shouts 'What are you doing? Guards! Get up here!' He hurries back into his study and bolts the door. Downstairs, the front door opens and the guards come barreling up to get you. You have failed!
You set the alarm for 2 minutes. With quick determination, you step out into the corridor. Where can you hide?
You step into the bathroom and do your best to conceal yourself. After a short while you hear the alarm clock go off. It continues to ring until the other door opens and you hear a man say 'what the blazes?'
You listen to his footsteps as he walks into the bedroom. In the short time you have, you dash quickly past the bedroom door towards the other room. It is a study, with a large writing table and shelves filled with books.
You step inside and immediately see the chalice, sitting in a glass cabinet in the corner.
You bolt the door behind you to give yourself time to think.
You hide behind the curtains. After a short while you hear the alarm clock go off. It continues to ring until the other door opens and you hear a man say 'what the blazes?' He steps out into the corridor and walks past, mere inches from your face, unable to see you behind the heavy velvet.
You even feel the floorboards move as he passes your position. In the short time you have, you emerge from the curtains and step into the room. It is a study, with a large writing table and shelves filled with books.
You step inside and immediately see the chalice, sitting in a glass cabinet in the corner.
You bolt the door behind you to give yourself time to think. As you approach the cabinet, you wonder about the best way to proceed.
You look at the glass panelling in the front and decide to smash it.
You go to the table and pick up a large paperweight but, just as you are about to throw it the glass changes colour and turns to the dull grey of metal! Etched into the metal panel is the face of an old woman. It moves, the metal itself seeming to shift and melt as the woman smiles at you serenely. 'What is your favorite flower?' she asks. Someone is trying the handle on the door of the study, but the bolt is holding firm.You pull the cards from your pocket and look at them. 'Lotus,' you say. The metal-faced woman closes her eyes and the panel dissolves, leaving the chalice unprotected.
You quickly grab it and feel its weight in your hand. It is exquisite, with a base of jade and a carved silver bowl. It will fetch a pretty penny, but money is the last thing on your mind as the cup gleams and sparkles in the sun.
You are broken out of your reverie by the sound of thumping at the door. The guards are trying to break the bolt.
You look around you at the only possible escape. The window.
You climb out of the window onto the sloping roof. It is only one floor to the ground, and you are an able gymnast.
You drop and roll onto the grass and, without even a glance behind you, run down the path, past the jasmine bushes, and to your boat.
You are victorious! Thank you for playing. The metal-faced woman adopts a look of displeasure. She closes her eyes and her face melts away, but the metal panel remains. While the guards outside start to hammer on the door, you look around for signs of a keyhole, or even a small crack in the armor.
You pull out your lock-pick set and, as you do so, the cards you have been collecting spill out onto the floor. As you stare at the letters on the cards, the door bursts open and the guards enter.  They draw their swords... You have failed.
You look closer. As you examine the painting, the door behind you opens. A cook walks in with a puzzled expression on her face. As she sees you her face turns to shock, and she lets out a little squeal. She runs out of the dining room to get help. You have failed!
You go north. At this side of the cottage is an open window. Long, luxurious curtains hang just inside. The path continues round the cottage towards the garden.
You climb in through the window. As your feet touch the dining room floor, you look up and see a cook. She seems shocked to see you, and runs out of the room to get help.
You have been spotted, and now your fate is sealed.
You pull the drawer with all your might. The wood splinters and the drawer comes open with a crunch. The noise was quite alarming, and you hear footsteps coming from the adjoining room.
You pull out your lock-picking set. Pulling on your years of experience, you select a rake pick and torsion wrench and set to work. The cheap lock of the drawer is no match for your skill and you soon have it open. Inside is a small Bible, and a card featuring the letter O in red ink.
You run out of the room but, as you step into the corridor you are met by Lord Farquaad rushing out of the room next door. He sees you and shouts 'Guards! Intruder! You idiots, there's someone here!' He hurries back into his study and bolts the door. Downstairs, the front door opens and the guards come barreling up the stairs to get you. You have failed!
You continue to follow the path past locked and shuttered windows, until you return to the front of the cottage.
You dive into the bushes again to avoid the gaze of the guards. On the front porch of the cottage is a richly carved table and chair set and, standing alongside them, two guards. They are talking while they keep the barest of their attention on the surroundings. Nevertheless, they appear to be sturdy men, and are carrying thin-bladed swords.
For the first time in your life have seasons be so distinct and natural here.
You've been working around this area for most of your life and even then, it's never been this bright.
Nature has started reclaiming most of the kingdom over the past few decades and as far as you know, it’s been like this for the rest of the world by now. But today, you need to go out there...
The world as it currently is...?
Well, actually it wasn't always like this.
In recent years, cybernetics allowed for the unification of the workplace, boosting sales, but at the cost of a loss of privacy between small workers and their employers.
As a result, most people weren't allowed to have time off, try to relax, or even run from their employers.
Contemporary politics failed to prevent this... Some politicians even encouraged this. It kept evolving. And the result: our current world.
People turning on each other and all that. It makes you sick.
It's almost as if the apocalypse had already happened. There's hardly any semblance of community or working together or anything; there are just small pockets of humanity spread around and a very thin structure holding us all together.
You examine the photo album. Actually, you haven't seen the others in a while. But, you shouldn't think about this for too long. The kingdom, huh? That brings back memories. Of course, the memories You're thinking of aren't as bright and colorful as some people would have thought.
Before the whole world went to shit, we were practically treated like trolls.
You yourself didn't really like this idea, but back then, higher-ups in the royal court would reward us with special goodies.
They were designer drugs... They made us work harder, but our emotions, every time we used them... we just... felt less human.
It started with the royal court realizing they can use our vices to control us so they made their own versions of drugs.
Whatever, you don't know why you suddenly thought of this again...
That's right, you have to go out today.
After some morning reminiscing, you decided to go out and scavenge for more supplies to your hut.
You booted up your wand. It helps you see more than meets the eye. The wand currently shows.... Wait... what? This can't be. That's impossible...
There must be some mistake in the calibration... You could have sworn that-
Wait, your wand...? Simple. It helps you survey your surroundings.
Every time you pick up it, you see these dots on the spellbook and you think about all the people it represents and what they are doing currently. Some of these folks you see nearby you personally know and trade with them and we get by rather good. But most: not really.
Each year, however, as more moss covered our old castles and trees grew out of the freeways the beeper shows less and less dots.
You stopped thinking about what it means...
Maybe, it was selfishness that made you sad. Maybe, you view our kind as something so special, so spectacular it can’t, it won’t die. Maybe, somewhere outside of your range there were places coming back to life. Maybe, people were actually starting to come together again outside of this wretched kingdom. But that's probably not the case.
There should have been more people...!
This realization filled you with anxiety. This region wasn't exactly that populated... Well, at least not anymore, but from what you've heard from visitors, there were supposedly more people here in this region than in the rest of the world.
You should go on a scavenge hunt but you need to investigate more...
You examine the chest. You can only take one of these things with you so... Should you take the wand with you? Or should you take your trusty old-world sword with you? The wand is very fragile but you have to find more people!
There's no way this ENTIRE region is desolated. Right?
Even if it feels like the earth itself is just swallowing people whole...
You need to look for more survivors.
If you take this, then you can't take the sword.
But, you think that the beeper should be fine...
My trusty old-world weapon: your broadsword.
Honestly, you feel paranoid. Bandits and other strange folks might try to outsmart you. Maybe they are after your wand...
You know how to use this because, as a soldier, that’s what you had to do in the old world.
You need to protect yourself. Just in case.
If you took this you can't take the wand. It'd be too much of a burden on you. Perhaps it would be better if you took the wand. But now that you think about it... the sword should probably be fine.
This place has been a decent supply of electronics and other utilities for your base of operations.
You've been going here almost daily, but today, there just seems to be something off about it.
You can't quite put your finger on it though... Ah, whatever.
Should you go through the front today? Or maybe you should circle around and enter from the back?
You stuffed the wand into a nearby backpack and put it on.
The beeping every now and again is a bit annoying, but luckily, it's quiet enough so that only you can hear it.
Having something on your back really is a bit relaxing. Okay. Time to get going.
You loaded your wand with tons of mana and slung it around your back.
The familiar heavy weight put you at ease, as if everything would be all right. What a nice feeling. All right. Time to go.
You walk in through the front door, storming inside like there is no tomorrow, but there is nobody inside...
That's strange. Normally, I'd find one straggler around here considering how much stuff is in here. But today, it seems completely desolate. As if there never had been anyone here at all.
Walking in through the front door, you checked your wand. It showed faint gaseous spheres instead of dots.
That's weird. Normally, there'd be at least one person around the area, and gaseous spheres? Maybe this thing is finally getting outdated.
You continue through the castle and noticed the towers started working... even though working electricity hasn't been in this castle for months now.
Might be interesting to find out where the towers take you.
You circled around the back and got to the back door, which was locked. It seemed like it was locked really carefully this time.
You guess the last person who was here didn't want anyone else to come back here. What a complete lack of respect for the code.
Fortunately for you, you had actually noticed another entrance in a previous run.
You just hadn't used it for... reasons.
You went to a small secluded corner and entered the castle... through the garbage collection vent.
When you finally arrived, you could not imagine how intact a lot of the floors and rooms were... You mean, seriously!
Searching further, you found something pretty useful: a expansion module that looks like it would enhance the features on your wand.
Not only that, but it seems directly installable... Not only that, but it seems directly installable...
That voice from before resonated in your head.
You stand still motionlessly in the tower not knowing what to think. Was that simply an echo from the past?
The doors open to suite with splendor and richness still shining through some rust and moss.
You can totally feel how this place look like few decades ago.
If the you had plans of the castle and knew how long the power would last, you could technically set up your shop here. Let’s look for more supplies.
There bound to be some old-world prototypes here.
You creep through the hallways. You stumble upon the doors to the royal chambers.
Opening them reveals a table with something resembling a cryogenic tube connected to huge trollry… Looking inside you see what used to be a cybernetically enhanced human... Damn, judging from the look of it, you was only late few weeks before the life sustain ended. Their eyes are closed.
You take some of the equipment of the troll. Turning one lock reveals the mystical symbol of the “Project HEAD”. Browsing through menus you manage to unlock some other doors on this dungeon and also a description…
You examine the troll to see the detachable equipment flashing… you begin to slowly take them apart.
You take a look at the corpse inside.
The eyes are open m̴̹̈́̅̀y̶̺̏ ̵͓͒̅͑e̶̹͝͝y̶̪͔̌͒e̵̻͔͑̉s̴͖̞̀ ̷̮̥́̇ā̶̯͚ŗ̴̘̭̈e̸̯͙͝ ̸̮̯̘̾́o̸͙͓̯͛̈́̕p̴̧̫̒̈́ë̴͙̮́̄͠n̷̗͓̑͜ m̶̧̼̈́̐̈y̶̫͇̜͆͗ ̷̻̿̚̕p̶̭̟̠̄̈́̕u̵̻̎̓̃r̷̜͍̬̍̔͑p̸̯̺̈́́o̷̞̗̮̓̒s̷̥̥̉̀e̶̠̠̝͋͒ ̴͓̣̌̽̚c̵̩̝̽͝l̸̳̞͕͌ė̴̲̯̺̄̚a̷͙̘̼̔r̶̼̫͋̄͑ m̷̡̡̮̍͛̉ỳ̵̩̈ ̶͕̜̏̅e̴̝̤̐̍y̵̨̓e̴̞̟͆͝s̸̗͆̏̄ ̵̠͌a̶͆̎̊͜r̸͙̦͙͑̆͊e̸̡̹̭͌ ̷̡̻̝̀͛̏ŏ̶̧͐p̶͕̹̊̐͂e̸̥͚̚n̷͙̱̫̕ ̭y̷̻̒͆͝o̸͔̺͗̾u̴̮͓͛̕ ̶̺̈́w̸̰̱̎̒̈́ḭ̷̲͓͛l̸̠͈̎ḽ̴̬̼͂́ ̶̫̮̘͠b̵̨̅e̷̲͌̈ ̴̘̑͛͝m̸̬̯̞͗͆̕y̵̯̻̹̾̾͠ ̶̠͐̈ȇ̶͖͋ŷ̸͔̿̈́ȅ̸̖̊̈s̷̯̔̑ y̷͕͉͘͘ò̷̞͍̋̏u̴̖̱͝ ̶̧̇͐w̶̖͂́̿ḯ̴͎̗̏ḽ̷͕̒͌ͅl̵̲̞̏̄̒ ̴̯͊̈ḇ̵͇͆e̸͚͋͑ ̷̬͋ḿ̷̱̬͎͗y̴̳̠͎̌͂ ̷̻͛̋́͜h̷͔̗̍a̷̧̠̣̅̅n̶͚̓͘d̸̟̖̙͗ Their eyes are open.
You left your hut and wandered about town for a bit.
Normally, you have to be more careful when traversing around town, but today, it seems awfully quiet. Too quiet.
And straight ahead, a familiar castle.
You walk toward the door wary of anything that might jump out of it.
After confirming that there's not something ridiculous like some bear animatronic ready to jump out at you on the other side, you turn the doorknob and-
It's locked. Because of course it is.
Hmm, what should you do now? Hmm, what should you do now?
You approach the spellbook carefully.
You examine the spellbook. “Eh, why not" you think to yourself while opening the large book.
You open the doors to the chamber. This royal court secret isn't worth anything at this point. At least it shouldn't be.
You grab the paper. “Hive-interface design to strengthen the peasant connection and work throughput”- the royal court fluff read. Apparently, through some weird technocratic magic and the designer drugs they fed workers, they managed to connect minds and bodies of few people in a “symbiotic resource sharing network capable of autonomous combination of new users” That is... weird.
You examine the room. You wonder if there's anything else in here.
You open the door very slightly, but it won't open completely. Is something blocking it from opening? It may be locked, but the door is actually damaged pretty heavily. Someone was either trying really hard to get in... or get out.
You hide beneath the table. It's silent for a while. Whoever was following you has either fell into your trap or given up. Either way, they failed, considering this door is still standing.
You slash at the lock. Echoes of each slash deafened you and kept resonating through this semi-empty disposal dungeon.
You open the door slightly... just enough to squeeze your body through. The door nearly crushes you. Maybe it wasn’t the smartest idea but at least you're in. Damn it, it may be locked but the door seems to be equipped with a really simple lock!
You grab your wand. You're pretty sure that your wand can hack through it... but there are traces of old dry blood mixed with synthetic blue plasma on the front panel, and that kind of makes you feel uncomfortable.
You creep through the hallway. Sad blue plasma managed to corrode parts of the lock suggesting that this evil king had extremely modified workers. Luckily, that got rid of the last bit of shame you had in robbing the dead.
These people already lost their humanity a long time ago.
You advanced. It is very well lit. “Huh, you guess they still have power here” you think to yourself.
You walk downstairs. After threading down the stairs for a while you get to what appears to be some sort of control room or a lab.
You find some great tools. Wow, this can be used to enhance the beeper hopefully. But you also notice something more interesting…
There is a huge console under an interrogation mirror. Yeah, it is some old corps’ underground cells.
You suspect it to be a temporary holding cell for peasants who failed to meet the quota or higher ups who had a little too much of enhancement drugs.
The room on the other side of the mirror is dark.
You flip some switches around hoping to get the tower in the back running as you are tired simply thinking about hauling all these tools back through the staircase.
Suddenly you hear some trolls rattling
Nice! The tower is working. The lights in the whole room are flashing but that's fine.
Suddenly, you hear screeching and the footsteps above you stopped.
You turn around to see you a hundred disfigured faces starring at you through a one-way mirror. Somehow, you feel like they can see all your movement.
There is no escape, join us, be reborn. THE HEAD WILL BE PLEASED, IT DEEMS YOU A WORTHY ADDITION
Nope. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope.
There's nowhere to run but-. Wait. Maybe- Next to where the expansion module was placed, you saw a keycard with the words sign on it...The moment you picked it up, you heard rumbling and turned around.
Suddenly, there was a secret tower in the back side of the executive room.
"Okay, this is starting to get ridiculous," you murmured to yourself.
You walk over to it and look inside. Seems to be safe, and actually seems pretty clean compared to the rest of this castle.
You decide to get on. There's only two buttons, and one of them seems to be the dungeon that you're currently on.
You click the other button as the doors close...
Project HEAD, extension of Project HAND – manual peasant cooperative network appropriator. It allows the manager to override and hijack the will of the collective hive of Project HAND.
Reading this fluff gave you a terrible headache. What else is here?
The tower hasn’t run in a very long time judging from how much it trembles while you rode to the top.
The vent was a bit on the small side, but with some maneuvering, you managed to get in.
For some reason, the vent was like a normal vent, but sometimes, you would feel some weird squishy stuff.
Not to assume the worst, but you think that this corporation might have worked on some biological enhancements or something, because you swear, you was able to spell some decaying artificial human parts. Absolutely disgusting...
You finally found a hole to get out of this squished vent and jumped outside.
You quickly reach for your sword. AND SLASH! The mirror shatters while this strange creature thing approaches.
You're pretty sure you can hold it back, right- HOW LONG IS THIS GOING TO TAKE!?
What if... that thing... IS those dots you was seeing earlier...?
Slowly and carefully, trying not to make any sudden movements, you reach for your wand. The creature seems to be eyeing you suspiciously, but it doesn't seem to be attacking just yet.
You open your wand, and instead of any dots, it shows a faint gaseous looking sphere thing. Then you looked back at it. And then it hit you.
As the crude tower crumbles, the creature slowly approaches you, completely disregarding the sword.
It's almost as if they're bouncing off it.
You examine the spellbook. Wait, this isn't a time to be amazed by that!
You hide, but the creature reaches to you with its huge arm.
You examine it, but... How do you even describe this? This arm looks as though it's made from real human arms and body parts.
You swiftly duck and it crashes through the glass and destroys the tower wall.
You climb the rope ladder. You can literally feel the cord snap. The cell and observation deck start wobbling and soon the entire tower starts falling. And falling. And falling. And falling and falling and falling. And falling and falling and falling and falling and falling. And falling.- Eventually you stopped falling. Or rather, you stopped doing anything.
You don't even know who you're speaking to at this point. Hopefully, whatever that thing was. Whatever it was.
Hopefully it was trapped with you in the rubble. If not...- This survivor has been claimed... Maybe there is something more?
You kept having these odd dreams lately. It can't actually see you.
With this in mind, you slowly backed off and crouched, hoping that it wouldn't see you.
Maybe, if you just wait until the tower hits the bottom, you can escape...!
This tower is made with something similar to interrogation glass. It's clearly heavily reinforced, so there's no real way out of this one.
You looked again at your wand as it finishes its analysis. Hundreds. No wait, maybe thousands.
What you saw earlier wasn't a large sphere. It was thousands of dots all lined up together.
You looked up again, and you saw the creature more clearly for what it was.
A huge mutation of bodies all lumped together, some of them probably already even dead, all moaning at you. Some of them were screaming in agony and some were dead set on killing you.
Hopefully they weren't all in unison.
Unfortunately, you can't ever get what you want.
The monstrosity speaks to you. Or so you think it spoke to you.
It was more like a ringing inside your head.
W̵̧̢̺̤̘̊́̀͊̈́̈̒͌̄͂̆̍̈́̀̈̀̽͑͝ͅẻ̵̡̺̺͔̜̫̣̙̼̥̈̈́̎̓́̀̎̈́̅̂̂͒̉̀̓̃̂̕̕ ̴͚͉̟͓̙̄̾͑̂̋̉̒͗̓͊̒͝ã̷̧̧͈͈̰̻̝̩̘͈͇̗̝̐̾̽̿͜͜r̸̰̘͖̯̜͔̉̈́̔̎͒͛̈́̔̍͌̇͆͝͝͝ȩ̵̛̬̲͔̬̩͚̜̬̟̪͉̥̘̹͈͔͉̒̊̆̈́͆̌͒͛͐̾͆͒̈͜ ̴̨̨̛̝͇̤̼̺̪̺̙͉̩̲̜̼̹̹͉͒̾̿̚͝ą̵̢̨̦͎̞̮̣̳͎̰͉̱̦̹͚̾̒̓́̒̍͗́̑͐̍̚l̸̝͎̫̖̱̠̽̀͊̅̆̑͗̎͗̔ͅl̴̛̩̰̤̜̘̺̩̊͒̏͛ ̶̢̛͔̲̰͍͔̥̪̜̘̯̫͎̫̙͕́͛̿̀̾͂̀͆͆́̄̉͆̅͗͗̔̚͜͝a̵̬͍̣̯͔͕̠̮͙͚̼͋̃̉̎̔̉̋̈͐̿͗̔͗͛l̷͎̩͈̖̄̍͐̊̾͆͂̓̔̏̑̀̎̏͛͂̈́̅̚͝o̴̧͓͎̯͇̥̣̒͗̋̑͒́̔͆͂ǹ̶̼͋̎̃̀̈̇̅̕e̴̢̡̯͖̤̪̓̓̑͂͌̾͒̃͠ ̶̧̧͚̭͉̰̹̟͔̼̻̺̮̟̞͙̋̑͝ͅa̴̧̛̲̱͇̲̤̫̣̟̫̋͊̐̾͌͗̚͜͜ͅs̶͖̱̼̜͕̟̫̮̳͍̾͑̈́̄͜ ̷̨̮̗͓̣̤̲̯̥̝̥̇͊̽͒̄̈́́́͗̄́̾̌̕o̷̜̪̪͛̊͑̍̇̓͠n̸̛̥̼̰̣̙̫̾̾̌͊̋̋̒͆̑̈́e̵̢̟̪͚͉̻̟̫̫̼͍͎͙͓̙̪͓̦͗̇̇͋̏͝ͅͅ ̷̯͖̅̓̃͌͘̚m̸̡̢̢̢̺͖͙̩͈̭̮̙̰͔̥͎̘͇̀͆͋̔̚͝a̷̧̨̧̜̺̦̩̣̟͕̰̺̥̺̗̱̩̅̈́̀͊̓̆̃͐̈́̈͒̇̕̚ͅc̶̡͖̟̥̮̥͕̰̖͚̤͙̟̠̣͍̅̕ͅh̶̨̨̦̫̯͈̖̹͍̱̼͈̼̼̋į̸̨̺̳͖͕͎͖̱͔̫̹̟̣̈́̎͐̈̔̚̕ͅn̸̢̨̨͍̳͇̼̫̙̯̬̞̼͌͜ẻ̶̡͉̰̠̰̺͓̗̜̜̖͙̩̳̥̮͈̝͌͋̊̾͘͜ You don't understand. You don't think you could ever understand. But one thing was certain.
There was never any chance of retreat.
You woke up today with a terrible headache.
You had a weird dream, have you explained it yet?
In this dream, something like some ultimate monstrosity or something swallowed everything in sight. People and matter were consumed by even direct contact, and there was nowhere to run.
It had a million hands. A million faces. A million hands. A million faces. A million hands. A million faces.
You feel like you tried to fight it once, but at this point, there's really no point, is there?
For the first time in your life have seasons be so distinct and natural here.
You've been working around this area for most of your life and even then, it's never been this bright.
Nature has started reclaiming most of the kingdom over the past few decades and as far as you know, it’s been like this for the rest of the world by now. But today...
The kingdom, huh? That brings back memories. Of course, the memories you're thinking of aren't as bright and colorful as some people would have thought.
Before the whole world went to shit, we-
THE KINGDOM IS AND WILL BE A RUIN UNTIL WE ACCEPT O̶̢̯̯̼̱̜̼͔̔̊Ü̶̝͙R̵̡̬̜͎̊͊̀̀̊̋̑̐̄́͆͘͜͝ ̷̨̻̳̮̹̘̟̱̥̬͔̓͑̊̂͌̓̚S̴̗̠̺̼̭̏͋͆ͅÄ̵̯̟͈̼̝̗́̍̆̽̓̅̂̂͛̎͑̾̉̐̕V̴̨̧̥̮̘̗͖̤͕̬͍͍̖̯̓̏̈̈͂̋̄̀̂͐̈͌͠I̸͓̜̬̰̖̙͙̲͙̭̓̎́͊͛O̸̘͇̜͍͆͐͐́̔̅̌̀́̓R
The world as it currently is...?
Well, actually it wasn't always like this.
In recent years, cybernetics allowed for the unification of the workplace, boosting sales, but at the cost of a loss of privacy between small workers and their employers.
As a result, most people weren't allowed to have time off, try to relax, or even run from their employers.
It kept evolving. And the result: T̴̢͍͒̍̐͝Ȟ̸̢͙͈͚͙̝̾̋͒̐̈̈́̉̀͐̇͒͋́͜͠ͅE̶̡̧̱̲̼̖̊̒́̿̿̚ ̵̻̠̖̖̄͆Ŵ̸̛̛̙̣̏̽̆̾́͐̒͘O̷̢̢̺̳̝̳͉̦̼̬͐̊̃̏͒͂́̋͘R̵̖̞̈́̓͂̕L̵̻̻͇͈̱̙̯̟͂̔̀͛̉͛̊̓̐̊̾̈́̚͜͝͝ͅD̵̡̯͚̱̥̋̃͊ ̶̰͚̉͌̄̉̐̚͘M̶̡̮̘̝̼̯̰̞̒̆́̊̍͐̀͐̀̎͋Ȩ̷̧̥͖͉̞͎̬̤͎̱͎̮̤͐́̓͜͝͝Ą̷̗͎̹̣̣̘̟̩̤͙͋́̆̇̇̔̃̈̕͠͠ͅṆ̸͈̊͒̅͌̌͝Ŝ̶̘͙̮̫͙̊͝ ̴̨̧̮̺̰̻͊͜N̴̹̩̫̍͗̀Ǫ̵̲̞̭̝̫͙̳̭͈̥̻͈̀͗̉͑͌Ț̷̩͕̈́̂̓̀̏̍̉̓̊̎̏HI̷̡̡͍͍͕̼͎̳̘̜̤͗͋̀͗́͒̓͑̅̓̀̕͘NG̶̱̘͈̫̲̜̦̻̱̗̙̝̃̾̿͊̐̌̈́̒̽̈́͘
That's right, you have to go out today.
After some morning reminiscing, you decided to go out and scavenge for more supplies to your hut.
You booted up your wand. It helps you see more than meets the eye.
The wand currently shows a milľ̴͍io̷̷̭̹̓̍ǹ̶͔̺͗d̵̝̄o̸̰̔ts̸̜̋ ̸̴̮͈̏̉a̸̯̒n̸̡͒d̵̙͆e̴̖̎á̵̱ch̸̸̰̯̔̒ ̷̼͕͋̇͌i̸̧͆s̸̯̒o̴̲͂n̷̢̅ew̶̗͠a̷̞̾y ̴̖̎Ȉ̵̟w̸̮̏il̸̰̔l̶̗͠ ̴̷̲̞͂̾d̶͔̺̀͗ie̷̸̹̜̍̋
Wait... what? This can't be. That's impossible...
There must be some mistake in the calibration..
You could have sworn that- could have sworn that... what...?
You suddenly had an impulse to go outside.
You went outside, and saw the dark crimson skies and unrelenting rain... and the smell of absolute decay.
You looked down at your wand again. Damn it, it's broken.
Maybe that old castle you've been frequenting recently will have supplies that you can use to fix it.
You made your way to t̵̨̛͚̳̘̏͒̋̃̅́̉̂ͅh̴̡̝͔̜͓̙̜̫͉͓̲̺̐̀̇̌́͆̀ͅe̶͓̙͛̑̒̅̽́͐̍͒̓̃̕͜͜ ̵̡̡̛̞̝͚̲̲͕̖̗͎̐̉͑̾̿̅̆̾̈́̄͋͊̾o̴̙̼̝͕̰͕̹̬̭͋͊̀͊̿̏̂̿̇̊̚̕͜͝͝͝f̵̧̘͓͎̰̝͇̺̑̓͗̚f̶̛̼̰̻̙̜̻̮̫̗̳̰́̄͑̓̾̆͊̈̈̐͋̕͜͝i̵̡̜͕͍͓͇̥̗̪̞͙̫̓̂͜c̴̨̛̮̰̦̘̦̬͒͂̑͒̇̿̊͑̇͝e̶̠͂ ̴̘̮̬̠͈̰͇͉̤͑̋̑̂̍̊͆̀͑̓͘͜͜͠͝͝͝ͅͅb̴̲̮͙̘̔̐̀̈͋͒̾͌̎͂̀̚̚͠͠ų̵̢͙̤̬͓̟̯̖̖̥͈̞̽̏̑͒̏̍͂̉ͅḭ̸̧͔͍̖͉̙̳͎͖̳͈̰̲͆͐͐́̔͒̽͘ľ̴̠͙͛͂́̋͒̒̇̿̚ḏ̶̛͙̰̜̱͖̘̦̱̩̩̔̍̎̅̾̾͜͝͝ͅi̸̡͕͚̝͖̫̥̱̳͎̖͎̾͑̓̌͗̅̍̉̈́̄̉̍̕̕n̶͔͚̝̫̤͖͉̭͇̤͓̦̍̍͆g̷̡̠̤͑̉͛̋̈́͌͆͑̏̈́͝.
It was gone. The castle... completely destroyed.
Suddenly, the earth trembled and castle started collapsing all around you. Was this an earthquake? What the hell...?
You mean, this isn't unusual, but this one seems excessive. Is this finally how the world will end? You've never felt anything like this.
Suddenly, you hear a voice... T̶̲͚̭̀̈̓̎̊̾̊̊̑͛ͅh̵̢̡̛͎̮̰͙̫̙̝͖̥̤̯̉͛͌̈́͛̃̈́͌̍̾͝ȇ̶̗͕̞͔̯̙̝̜͉̥̦̤͉̿̔̕͝ ̷̡̭̯̳͎̩̬̫͙̳̐̃̄̈́͋̃̈́̒͝ͅm̶̨̲͇̓͂̊̂͋̒͝e̸͓͐̀̐̑̿͑̿̃͑͊́͐̈́̾́d̷̛͕͉͎̟̪̮̮̩̬͓̥̓̌̓͛́į̸̛̭̗͕̦̘̮͚̩̟͔͔̠̀̑̍͗̉͋̎͘̚a̸̡̨̨̨̖̯̳̠͍̯̦̗̦̍̍̓͌̓̅̊̕t̴͎͎̝̣͎̼̘͉̥̬̰͔͎̓̂̔͜͝͠ͅȯ̶̠̭̋͋̀̀̑̂͂́̊̐̕̕͝r̶̬͖̠͈̠̝̻̥̥̾̊̋̇̂̓̍̐̔̚ ̸̠̣̙̰̼̲͈̂̏͋̀̿̊̓̃̆̊̓͠b̷̛̛̖͍̝̈́̾͂̋͌̃͗ȩ̵̖̯͇̳͚̼̤̺͈̋̉̾̈͌̿̀̀́͒̾̄͝ͅt̷̰͈̩̳͔̙͛͆̃͌̔ͅw̸͍̟̦̹͚̮͈͔͌̌́̍̉́̅́̔͒̎́͘̕͜ĕ̸̛̟̹͓͙̖͕̘̯̖̱̣̊̈́̑̔̚̕ẽ̷̻̼̜̼̠̳̰̣̮̫̥̰͍̇̋̓̀̄̊͆̀͊͘͝ņ̵̛̜̣̪͙͙̦͕̖͎̱͊́͌̑͒̾̅̇́̀̏̀̚ ̺̣̟̎t̷̛͔̔͊̒͌̿̈́̉̔̈̿̀̚ͅh̸̡̠͙̓͂͌̾̊̎͂͆͌̌̐̚͘e̵͕̘̰͙͖͑́͜ͅ ̸̛̖̰̠̗̟̳̩̠̟̄̑̆̓̾́H̴̹͉̠̞͎̼̞͎̣̪̳̠̓͒͋̈́̍̀́́͊̈́̀̈́̕͠ͅȩ̴̻̬̼̘̰̤̖̪͎̋̀̒͐́ͅa̵̹͉̳̾̔̍̑̽́́̓̎͑́͋͑͜d̴̨̡̢̡̝̳̭̥͉̺͔̀̿̾̉͛ ̸̰̹͇͔͚͇̮̞̺͉̺̣͉̈́͆̅͊̿̓̂̀̄̈́ͅą̸̦̙̟͍̳͕̮̅̋͊͗̈́̄͑̆̆͝͝͠ͅn̶̥͋̅̄͠d̷̛̰͖̟͈͎̼͉͓̈́̈̅̔̓́̽ ̸̳͈̥̯̝̣̜͔̱͉̉̑̇͛͊̊̊̀͗̏͌̃̕B̵̧̢̛̙̗̹̱̪̳̪̮͈̺͔͖̫͒͗́̊̍͐͘ǫ̶̯̥̖͓̙̞͕̏̈́̈́͂̉̆̾̈̃̄͜͜d̶̻̥͚̈́̀ẙ̴̧̨̨͍̣͖̼̲̥͛ ̸͉̟̝̯̩͕̱̰̦̲͈̪̪̌̇͌̅̈́̑͑͐̏͠͝͝h̶̨̲̮̺̪̝̫͊̀ͅa̸̛̠̝͉͖̞̣̖͍̠͛̆̐̅͗̃͑̈́͜͜͝͠͝ͅs̷̠̔͋̈́̓͒̌̓̃̑̕ ̶̻̠̽̓͋̊̈͆̓͜ͅf̵͚̋̆̆̑̍͛̃̿̈́̚̕͠͠ạ̴̢̥̥̥̳̄l̴͕͖͚͍̓̃̿͊͒̅̋̔̉̚̚͠ļ̸̧̰̜̫͈͇̰̐̀́͝ẽ̸̢̦̤̼̪̱̬̣̩̱̰n̷̢̼̳̲̻̬̬̘̤̬̹̔̈́̍͘̕ͅ.̷̛̛̹͖̼̱̣̫̖̱̮̟̫͇̣̬̃̈́͛̓̽̉͗͝.̴̱̯̞̅̑̐.̷̡̛͔̘̪͌̆̔̋̽͆͗̚ Terrible screeching mesmerizes you into a halt. Thousands of heads screaming in agony.
Slow, tank-like movement accompanied by the sounds of trees breaking, bones cracking and castles collapsing ring out.
You know you should move but... You stand still motionless not understanding what is happening as some mysterious creature takes you into itself. You just stand there, dazed.
Thousands of gory hands try to rip you apart, but they all stop as something starts to approach you.
As if bowing in respect, they clear a path for į̷̧̢̼̭̟̮̻̘̲̘͈̞͋̾̋̈͒̓̕͘͠ͅţ̶̨̧̨̭̼̞͎͈̪͉̅̓͑̕͜ and it approaches you. "Welcome home. Your friends are all here."
You heard these words right in your head as the hands screamed them in thousands of different voices. "You are a hand now."
You examine the writing... Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅ
You examine the text... à̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜
Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿
̵̨͖̲͙̞̖̇̂̉̇̔̄̒You examine the writing ..͍͍͈à̸̻̩̣̮̺̗̑̉͝ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̌͑́̑̚͜ h̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅ
à̸͉̣̣̻̄̇͒̚͠You examine the text... ̡̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯͜r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝
̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗ ̴̡̘͕̣̼͙̺͔͇̥͓̳̌͑́̑̚͜Y̸̩̣̮̺̗̓̈́̅͂͆́̇͑͛̓̽̑͘ơ̸͈̆̏́̔̀͐̂͊̍̎̅̾̕̚u̸̢̩͚̖͕̤͕̯͎̗̮͚̙̬͗̓͑ ̵̡̡̡͍̥̳̩̦̦̳̖̫͕̣͊͒͐̑ͅà̸̡͉̣̣̻̘̗̳̹̦̥̝͇̯̄̇͒̚͜͠r̵̬̔̽̓̔̽̑͋͊̊͗̎͆̃͑̚ë̸̟̙̦͖̱̥̲̫̠̮͔̮̩̱̹́̏̾͑̏͊̿ ̵̨͖̲͙̞̖͍͍͈̇̂̉̇̔̄̒à̸̻̑̉͝ ̴̗̱͍͈̑̌̊̒̄͑̂̎͒̂͐̈́̑̕͜͝ͅh̸̨͓̫͇͈̘̺͓̭͊͂̅̔̇̔͆̋͋̕͝a̶̛̻̝̮̹̮̮͖̘͈͈̍͊̾̅̊̑͜n̴̛̬̮̻̥͈̔̌̎͌̓̄̈́̂̈̉͌̕͝ḋ̵̡̥͔̞͓̼̬̙̼̌.̷̤͗
You examine it more closely and you see now. You are a hand now.
You have reached the end of the game. There is no more.
You examine the spellbook and find that you are a hand now. You quickly stepped away from the troll..
͈ ̷̬͆̿̎̒̿ą̷̜̇m̸͚̈́̿̑͜͝ ̷̦̺͙̥̜͋̀n̴̳̱̪͇̙͛̍̓o̶̖͓͊̽w̷̧̻̰̟͊̊̕ ̵̫͙̿͛c̴̞̜̽̍ò̵̯̫̤̟̗̄m̶̬̠͍̍̐̐̓p̸̡̙̝̺͎͌̉͘ḽ̶̜̇ͅě̴̺̗͐̀̂̂t̶̨̋̿̃e̸̫̭͙͖͋́́	Ț̸̨̻͓̭͈͚͖͂̈̊̀̊h̸̗̓͛̊e̴̛͉̤̗̳̲̓͛́̿̓͘ ̸̨͆́͒̑ͅC̸̢̙̼̆́͂͜ī̵͔̂̔̿̾̕͘r̴̢̢͙̖̝͔͓̰̋̾c̸͕̪̓̔́͌́̂͋̃l̴̥̤̗̜̥̺͊̈e̴̞̟͛͆̀̌̽̌̋͘ ̶̨̥̹̱̜̗̄̇ẅ̸͎̯̯͍́̾́͑̎̿̈ǐ̸͇̯͓̬̬̙̮̪̚l̴̙̇̾̈́̔̍l̸͍̼͙̟̇͋͠͝ ̴̨̬̳̹̻̉̓̈͌̑͛̊b̸̦̥͈́̾̀͘e̷͇̗͙͇̤̖̞͂́̓́̈́͗̈ ̵͚̻̻̩̟̳̗̇c̸̛̙̘̈̌͝ò̷̢̬̘̫̿m̶͈͍͈̲̒́͛̔͌p̸̺̜͖̪̟͕̣͕̈͒̈͌͌̊͠ḷ̴̢̹͛ͅe̶͍̫̜̼̔̆̐̆̓̈́͝t̵͙͉͍̤̽̊̋̾̆̚͠e̶̡̦̋̂̎̓͝d̴͇̠̈́	m̸̻̓͊͊̊̿̽̔y̵̢͍̝̞̼̜̰͖͗̿͋̊̍̚ ̵̧͉͍̲̙̿̚͝ḩ̴̰̘̗̲̯͕̚̕ằ̸̦͈̲̹͕̜̓̈̀ṉ̴͂̽̊̚̕d̸̨̛̹̤͉̺̮̭s̷̖̪̝̳͚̭̃́̄̓̃̋́͒ ̶̤͇͚̲̘͖̮̝̊͝a̵̢̘͙͙̩̗̞̝̽r̴̫̘̓̓̋̕͜͝ę̶̪̩̼̞̦͙̼̔͊́̊̋̈́̃͘ ̶̢̡͔͉̜͈͚͙͋͆̈́͂̈͌̒w̶̱͈̲̏̊͛ä̴̛̛͉̪̤́́́͐̚͝ĭ̸̛̩̱͋̿̊t̴̟̙͉̭͚̳̊̂̈́̆͊͑ͅͅi̴̭̜̼̥̣̘̒̽̆̄͜n̸͇͖͍̙̘̩͉͕̍̌̆g̶̲͇͑̏͆̈̉̈́̈́ ̶̼̜̹̯̭̰̌̀̓͊͘͠ͅf̵̧̦̃̓o̷̡̱̱̣̺̹͛̔͆̓̐̀͛̚ͅr̸̨̨̰̲̳͍̬̈́̿͜ ̴̣̣̥̇̍͂̂͂m̵̠̤͔̜̬̠̐́͆̇̔̈́̕ẽ̶̡̧͚̠͙͚̜̤̀͊̏ ǵ̵̢̜̜̬̥̱̈́͆o̴̥͇͕̍õ̷̲̜̤̩͖̰͈͗̈́͠d̴̝͍̺͇̖͓̥̈́̐̎̆͐̉̅̿b̷̞͙̝͉̎ÿ̶̮̥̥͖̹͚̼́͐̕ẻ̶̫̼̈́͠ ̴͇̼̥̤̳͕̰̐̇͘͜n̵̙̳͚̍͗̋̆̒͝ǫ̵̢̧̖͕̺̤̖͆̈̏̋w̶̨̰̫̪̤̬̎̽͆͌͝
Strange entity disappears suddenly and with that, the castle starts to tremble.
You abandon the disassembly and your gear and rush to the royal tower
The royal tower is just as empty as it was few minutes ago, so you run through it to the main tower hoping there is still time for you to leave this mess
The voice rings out in your head, while you escape through the front lobby.
Elevator that you just left is crushed by the falling debris. You are alive.
You are choking from all the dust but you are alive and never felt happy for it till this very moment.
The castle collapses and so do you, exhausted…
You are trying to process what just happen...
You did not see the entity now but you are certain it survived.
You can still hear it calling in the back of your head as if it permanently drilled itself inside of it.
You could not see it lips move when it spoke to you but you could perfectly hear it.
You think it wants you back... but you can't go...
""̶͎̝̬͐͜T̷̻̹̯́ḣ̷̛̲̻̙ͅȩ̴̖͌̽̍r̵̝̾͘e̷̳̗̮͝ ̷̧̹͕̅́i̶̛̜̦͈̔͝ͅs̵̭͙̤̠̀ ̸̥̈́̓͌͠ṅ̸͕̲̼̈͌ͅỏ̸͔̰̺͠ ̷̩͍͚͊͘̕͜ḛ̴̛̜̀͌͑s̵̢͖̽ṗ̵̛̜̠̬̋â̷̓̑̕͜ĉ̴̦̤͙͓̿é̶͔͐̉,̵͔̦̞̳̉̌̈́̆ ̸͇̖̂̋j̴̛̥̃̋o̷̧̡̳̊̾̂i̵͍͂̎͝͝n̵̩͌ ̶̟͕̏͗̀͒ű̸̙̖̯ͅŝ̷̰̼͐̾,̴̳͉͛͝ ̷̲͂̓̍̒b̵̩̼͉̋͗̆e̷̡͎͘ ̴̛̞̜̦̔̏r̸̛͉̈́͐e̷̫̓b̴͈̃̂̐ô̸̧̲r̵̢̯̟͑n̸͙͈͊̒.̵̤͇̮̀̒ ̷͉͖̞̻͂̈́̈́̈́T̴̫̱́̌͑͂H̸͚̟̔̑̈́Ë̷̛͚̬́̂́ ̷̤̤̉͜H̸̢̛̃̈́͗E̸̩͈̼͛͐̂̀Ä̸̬́D̶͓͉͖̊̿̓̿ ̵̮͈̥̄̃̎́W̸̩̊́̂I̵̝̓̈L̷̲̆Ḽ̷̛̘͈̣̌͗ ̸̧̭͉̀͋̄̉͜B̷̼̭̲̖̾̂̕Ẽ̵͓͈̰̳̕ ̶̻͓͝P̸̯̝̫̎̑Ĺ̴̈́͜Ě̵͖͙̘̒A̴̝̒̐́̔S̷͉̦̫̈̓̾E̵͖̞̬̒̃Ď̶̜̲,̷̱̲͐̾̕ ̴̤̈́̎Ȉ̵̢̳͐T̶̖̗̟͔̀̔͐ ̸̥̀͐͠͝D̵̳̖̈́͐E̷̙̦͛̂̄̄E̷̝͇͙͗M̵̢̪͉͔̽̾̈́͠S̷̥͈͊̈́ ̴̩̦͒́̆Ý̶̭͖Ơ̴̢̧͓̟̚͝U̵͕͓̓̏͝ ̸̟͗͐͋͘A̶̮̝̙̰͒̓̆͠ ̵͕̹͛̊̾̕W̵̝̬͋͊͗̚O̵͍̙̽͌R̶̨͖̫̓̏Ṭ̷̨͒͌͗H̷̫̐͑͠Y̴̺̎͠ ̸̟́̂̉͆Ǎ̷̖̥̝̽̎̾͜D̴͔̦͝D̷̹̙͍̆͑̎I̴͍͑͘͘͜Ť̸̨̤̤͉́I̴̪͕͔̤̋O̵̤̲̬͠N̷̡̓́̈́͂ͅ"̵̧̢̥̺̂͊"
What the hell? What the hell? Some voice was ringing out in your head...
An ether of old mind controlling drugs must still penetrate the air inside. Either that, or you've grown delirious from being alone for far too long.
You climb and keep climbing within the tower until you reach the top.
This will have to wait till you get back to your base. Too bad you brought your sword instead of your wand, but most likely, this thing is way too be good to be true. What else is here?
Looking at your wand, there happened to be a slot that it would fit right snugly in. How convenient.
You installed it. The giant gaseous sphere-like things that were previously on your wand were much more clearer now.
It seems as though... those small indicators you saw before were actually a correct reading.
You examine the dungeon. This seems insane, but there might actually be a hundred people below this castle imprisoned together in a small area for God knows how long. you'll check it out later. But for now... What else is here?
You run as fast as you can. Somehow you came back to the hut...
You stand... but you can't. You're trapped. Many days passed since the castle collapsed but you couldn't move... In the moment it spoke to you you felt the weight of the thousands or million bodies on you...
You examine the mystical amulet. Whatever it was, you felt it restored your sense of purpose.
You lift the mystical amulet. You know others exist... within it and through it and you know you need to join them.
You take the mystical amulet and you are suddenly cloaked in darkness. What is this place? You need to go back... and nobody will ever find you.
You grab your sword instinctively and started pointing around everywhere, wary of any movement. But there was no one. Still, you didn't feel safe right now.
You creep forward. Not letting go of your sword for even a second, you tread around the area carefully.
You turn around and grabbed your wand out of your backpack. There appeared to be... nothing. Just the dots you saw earlier but they weren't in this lot for sure. Is there something wrong with your wand? Or your senses? There shouldn't be anyone nearby.
You examine the hallway. It seems empty. Nevertheless, you put your wand back, and start carefully looking around.
You grab the mystical amulet. The wind rustling through the windows only grows louder and soon enough, a metallic screeching is added to it, making for a rather cacophonous and unsettling sound.
You examine the ancient library. On a small table, you noticed that there were some scattered papers and a large book with big red letters “DARKNESS LOOMS ETERNAL”. That certainly can't be good.
You then notice a small security booth and locked door with a small visor. Through it, you see an awfully long staircase.
Have you ever woke up and dreaded going to work? Not that you hate it! You just know its not what you want to do for another day, never mind the rest of your life.
The job is okay, a bit repetitive maybe, that is not the reason. Not even the early starts annoy me. There is just something deep inside that you know there is more.
You watch these programs and see all these exotic places, want to see what they're like, taste the food meet the people. But instead you have to get up and go to this shitty job.
Raining, again, always bloody raining. No wonder you want to leave. Another thing that annoys me, the rain. Why we have to live somewhere so cold and miserable.
You see people happy with their lives. Why can't you be like them, happy with what you have. They don't mind the rain, wind and most of all the boredom, the endless boredom.
Why don't you do something about it then? Are you ultimately a coward, scared of change, scared of what might be on the other side.
This noise, this place, these people, why are they so happy? you can't, just can't be doing this anymore. This continuous work, rest, sleep, repeat.
You need adventure, crave it. You need to see these mystical lands, get lost in a faraway kingdom, in a faraway country, listening to unfamilar tongues, with unfamilar faces.
That is it, You're doing it. Not doing this job a minute longer.
You mean, what are you exactly scared of, there is an entire world out there waiting.
But, where will you go, so many choices, so many opportunities. you'll have to get it down to three choices, then you'll be able to decide. But where, you think you know.
Here we are, finally arrived. Glad to be through all that customs and passport control, that didn't feel too great. But, Here you are, you just don't know what you should do first. Maybe you should go for a Hotel, maybe something to eat. Butlook at this place, its beautiful. Look at all the traffic, You've never seen anything like it, where do all these people come from and they skyscrapers, they look like they go on forever.
And the smells, oh the smells, you can't wait to eat all that delicious food.
Decision time, what are you going to do.
You need to find an inn, as you are very tired, but you also need to try some of this food you have heard so much about.
Here we are, finally arrived. Glad to be through all that customs and passport control, that didn't feel too great. But, Here you are, you just don't know what you should do first. Maybe you should go for a Hotel, maybe something to eat. Butlook at this place, its beautiful. Look at all the traffic, You've never seen anything like it, where do all these people come from and they skyscrapers, they look like they go on forever.
And the smells, oh the smells, you can't wait to eat all that delicious food.
Decision time, what are you going to do.
You need to find an inn, as you are very tired, but you also need to try some of this food you have heard so much about.
You Here we are, finally arrived. Glad to be through all that customs and passport control, that didn't feel too great. But, Here you are, you just don't know what you should do first.
You climb back to safety. You're barely alive. Maybe you should go for a Hotel, maybe something to eat. But look at this place, its beautiful. Look at all the traffic, You've never seen anything like it, where do all these people come from and they skyscrapers, they look like they go on forever.
You grab the bag and look inside. It's some kind of food! And the smells, oh the smells, you can't wait to eat all that delicious food.
You examine the signs at the crossroad. Decision time, what are you going to do.
You run for your life and manage to escape. You're barely alive. You need to find an inn, as you are very tired, but you also need to try some of this food you have heard so much about.
You walk into the restaurant. Ah, this looks good, noodles, always loved me a bit of noodles. This is the life, and that warm sun beating down, feels so good.
You run across the street. You have never seen dragons like this in my life and why are they destroying the kingdom.
You examine the street outside. A lot more tourists than you thought, well, you don't really know what you thought. It is quite intimidating though, being this far away from home, being somewhere so strange and unknown.
You grab the camera. You are sure you'll meet people, just need to get yourself out there.
You stand and look around. Where is everyone? You are sure once you get to this inn there will be plenty of people.
You sit at the table and take a bite. Man, this food is delicious. This place looks as good as any. Cheap, clean, central, what else could you ask for. Must admit, good to be finally settled.
You sit and relax. You're feeling exhausted after all that travel.
You sit and relax. You should really sleep, but you are so excited; you don't know if you'll be able.
You open the door. Ah, this looks good, royal food, always loved this stuff at home, now you are eating the real deal. This is the life, and that warm sun beating down, feels so good.
You run across the street. You have never seen dragons like this in my life and why are they killing the villagers.
You run through the park. A lot more tourists than you thought, well, you don't really know what you thought. It is quite intimidating though, being this far away from home, being somewhere so strange and unknown.
You examine the scenery outside. You are sure you'll meet people, just need to get yourself out there.
You take the horse to the inn. It's quiet here. You are sure once you get to this inn there will be plenty of people. Man, this food smells delicious.
You examine the storefront. This place looks as good as any. Cheap, clean, central, what else could you ask for. Must admit, good to be finally settled.
You're feeling exhausted after all that travel.
You should really sleep, but you are so excited; you don't know if you'll be able.
Ah, this looks good, Tacos food, always loved this stuff at home, now you are eating the real deal. This is the life, and that warm sun beating down, feels so good.
You have never seen dragons like this in my life and why are they attacking the castle?
A lot more tourists than you thought, well, you don't really know what you thought. It is quite intimidating though, being this far away from home, being somewhere so strange and unknown.
You are sure you'll meet people, just need to get yourself out there.
You are sure once you get to this inn there will be plenty of people.This place looks as good as any. Cheap, clean, central, what else could you ask for. Must admit, good to be finally settled.
You're feeling exhausted after all that travel.
You should really sleep, but you are so excited; you don't know if you'll be able.
Ah, that was great, really needed that. That adventure was exhausting.
You have never flown for such a long time before. Now that you are rested, you are ready to see what Bangkok has in store for me.
Time to grab the spellbook and get out on the town, first you'll need to grab something to eat.
You sit down and relax for a bit. Ah, that was great, really needed that. That adventure was exhausting.
You stand and stretch. You have never flown for such a long time before. Now that you are rested, you are ready to see what this village has in store for me.
You examine the street sign. Time to grab the spellbook and get out on the town, first you'll need to grab something to eat.
You stand and stretch. Ah, that was great, really needed that. That adventure was exhausting.
You have never flown for such a long time before. Now that you are rested, you are ready to see what this village has in store for me.
You open the map. Time to grab the spellbook and get out on the town, first you'll need to grab something to eat.
You grab some wild berries and a ripe red apple. Not bad for a free meal! Now that is done you can see the sights.
You just hope you have done the right thing.
You examine the sign at crossroads. Now what? You just knew you couldn't stay at home, had to take a chance, had to see what was on the other side.
You open your diary. You will and do miss the people at home, but life should be all about taking a chance. You just hope you have done the right thing. Right never mind this sentimental nonsense. Let's go and see the sights.
You open the map. Now that is done you can see the sights.
You grab the bull by the horns and ride it out of the forest. You just knew you couldn't stay at home, had to take a chance, had to see what was on the other side.
You take the next boat and cross the river alone. You will and do miss the people at home, but life should be all about taking a chance. Right never mind this sentimental nonsense. Let's go and see the sights.
You turn north. No turning back now! You just hope you have done the right thing. Now that is done you can see the sights.
You run through the swamp spraying mud everywhere. You just knew you couldn't stay at home, had to take a chance, had to see what was on the other side.
You turn to the south and then look back. You will and do miss the people at home, but life should be all about taking a chance. Right, never mind this sentimental nonsense. Let's go and see the sights.
You pull back the curtains and admire the view. Amazing this kingdom, But you don't know if You're feeling it. Don't know what you are feeling. Are you homesick, are you tired, wanting a change of scenery.
You run as fast as you can and manage to steal Fiona back from Farquaad. You are pretty sure this is everything you wanted, But you think there is something deeply wrong, you are getting seriously restless.
You walk back to the hideout alone. You will admit, you have had a good day. May be you should just sleep on it, go back to the inn, get my bearings and then see how you feel. Yeah, that's what you'll do.
You grab the binoculars and take a look around. You can see far and wide from this vantage-point. Amazing this kingdom, but you don't know if You're feeling it. Don't know what you are feeling. Are you homesick, are you tired, wanting a change of scenery.
You climb a nearby tree and watch the sunset. You are pretty sure this is everything you wanted, But you think there is something deeply wrong, you are getting seriously restless.
You creep back to hideout. You will admit, you have had a good day. May be you should just sleep on it, go back to the inn, get my bearings and then see how you feel. Yeah, that's what you'll do.
You examine the city. Wow. Amazing... this kingdom, but you don't know if You're feeling it. Don't know what you are feeling. Are you homesick, are you tired, wanting a change of scenery.
You examine the room. You are pretty sure this is everything you wanted, But you think there is something deeply wrong, you are getting seriously restless.
You run back to the hideout. You will admit, you have had a good day. May be you should just sleep on it, go back to the inn, get my bearings and then see how you feel. Yeah, that's what you'll do.
You climb out of bed. That was a good sleep, but you are still unsure what to do.
You grab the mystical amulet. There is no harm in going home, at least you tried. But what If you don't, why don't you try and stay, It'll get better, It could end up amazing, go out for some food, and just get on with it, this is what you wanted after all.
You turn to the west. You suppose that since you have the money, you could go to another country on my list, give that a try. Why are you so indecisive.
You stand and stretch. That was a good sleep, but you are still unsure what to do.
You turn to the east. There is no harm in going home, at least you tried. But what If you don't, why don't you try and stay, It'll get better, It could end up amazing, go out for some food, and just get on with it, this is what you wanted after all.
You take the bag and find $10,000 inside. You suppose that since you have the money, you could go to another country on my list, give that a try. Why are you so indecisive.
That was a good sleep, but you are still unsure what to do.
You take the bag, but it's empty. There is no harm in going home, at least you tried. But what If you don't, why don't you try and stay, It'll get better, It could end up amazing, go out for some food, and just get on with it, this is what you wanted after all.
You run as fast as you can. You suppose that since you have the money, you could go to another country on my list, give that a try. Why are you so indecisive.
You stand and leave. Ah well, here you are back in the rain, in my old room. Maybe it is wet and miserable, but at least it's home, where my friends and family are. At least you tried, not many people do, maybe you just wasn't ready, you can try again in a few months, just need to mature a little, maybe need a companion.
You sit and suddenly feel very tired. I'll go for a sleep, wake in the morning and get back to life, hoping that something is round the corner.
You take the boat and cross the river at night. So here you are, off to another country, see what its like.
You take the boat and cross the river at night. You know this time is going to be great, just stay positive, remember it's not home and that is a good thing, remember how unhappy you was there. Different people, different place, different food.
You take the bag. It's empty. Keep trying, keep going till the day you have found that something that you know you are searching for.
You lift the sword, but it's too heavy and you immediately drop it. You are sure nothing like this is easy at first. Strange faces and country, far away from home. Once you meet people and get yourself out there it will be the experience of a lifetime, might even change my life, just need to a small step into the unknown, might be scary, but isn't everything.
You take the horse. Since you are staying might as well go out and get yourself some grub, try and meet some people, see if there is somewhere new to go and discover.
You take the sword. Might as well, only been here a short time, give it a good go.
You examine the book, but can't read it. You are sure nothing like this is easy at first. Strange faces and country, far away from home. Once you meet people and get yourself out there it will be the experience of a lifetime, might even change my life, just need to a small step into the unknown, might be scary, but isn't everything.
You grab the mystical amulet. Since you are staying might as well go out and get yourself some grub, try and meet some people, see if there is somewhere new to go and discover.
You sit and relax by the river. Man, glad You've decided to stay, you just have to take a chance at life. Think I'd miss the food more than anything.
You walk across the street. Might as well take a chance, you think yer man is trying to say something. You're going to have a wonderful adventure in my beautiful country."
